Tianyi called Hongyan Shizu and heard that I Qin Yun want to marry
I specially sent someone to bring this pill and amulet
These gifts
Marry you a pair of peerless and tilian
Is the old gentleman still satisfied?
Satisfied satisfied
In-laws are not only the richest people in Jiang Province
There is also the support of Hongyan Ancestor behind it
What's this condition?
It's more than enough to marry my little girls
Gemini
Jing'er is not quick to thank Young Master Qin for his marriage
Mom, you are going too far
Jing'er and I disagree
That is.
And we already have boyfriends
Nonsense
You two
How is that possible?
Is it Zhang Shoucheng, this useless girlfriend?
Why don't you order?
Let go of my hand
If I am not reborn, I will be our boyfriend.
You are not allowed to ask him
But impossible
Zhang Shoucheng, you trash dare to vote
Believe it or not, I beat you full of minions
These seven pairs of two fish are seven in.
There is really no fate with couples
If they become
It's inevitable that it's another human tragedy.
Yes, I'm their boyfriend.
They don't like these gifts from your Qin family.
Take it away
Zhang Shoucheng put your mother's shit
You know these things?
How many people can't ask for it
Qin Shao, don't be angry
Zhang Shoucheng, this trash
He's a jerk
How is it worth your anger?
Just talking about the life-prolonging pill worth tens of millions
It's something he can't take out in his life
Of course we choose you.
Longevity Dan is just some
It's just a health product to keep fit
In my opinion, it's just like you
Shut up, you actually slander Tianyi and call Hongyan Primal Ancestor
Do you know what a crime this is?